Pack YOUR SWINSUITS I rented AN ENTIRE PRIVATE ISLAND FOR THE WEEKEND.
IT'S TIME FOR A BEACH EPISODE.
Finally mortals! It's time for it.
Finally! After all of Chaos, we could get some break.
Yeah, we really need the break. Especially with that sleepover that happened a week ago.
We don't talk about that. Please keep it secret, right? Fahad
I'm talking about it. Please do not pronounce my name like that
But either way, I am actually excited for this.
Alright guys, let's go!
alright uh thank you thank you really much because i couldnt drive because i am a minor you know
Oh, I'm so excited, you know what I mean?
Anyways, aight, come on everybody, pack your bags, pack your stuff, you'll have time to have fun this session!
Ahhh!
The weather is very warm, is this tea?
Is very nice and good.
Anyways, I've heard about the volleyball ball showdown tournament team.
Well, I will join...
Okay, I can wait for this volleyball showdown tournament team, so I got thinky.
Anyways, let me check who is my team.
Yeah, we're cooked.
But anyways, it doesn't really matter for me, as long as we can possibly win.
Anyways, let's see who is our current opponent for first round.
So, team, we win in guys, like I just hope we're winning.
Right, Vegeta?
We are not winning unless some hope that we are winning.
You know what?
We're gonna actually win this time.
But maybe this time we can actually finally get lucky, you know what I mean?
Maybe this time we could probably win in a volleyball tournament style match, you know what I mean?
But unfortunately that's probably not gonna happen.
But we should still use our best and somehow win.
Alright, let's do this!
Alright, team, boy dog and Vidya.
We have prepared for this only moment.
So either way, we have to lock the in.
Okay, gang, boy dog, you have to be on the defensive.
Vegeta, you'll be more on the offense.
At me, I'll be on the all-rounder in the middle.
Boy dog, you'll be on the back and Vegeta will be getting more on the front and I'll be in the middle, okay team?
Let's do this.
Alright, it's time for the volleyball tournament.
We'll take this death beam ball.
Vegeta, quick!
Do it!
Vegeta, take this rest here.
Final!
Spike!
Oh, no!
I'm not gonna lie, this was the most wildest beach episode ever, other than the other type of channels, you know what I mean?
But either way, this has been the most fun I've never ever had ever been.
If you know what I mean.
But like, either way, to be honest man, like I'm having too much of a free time.
Well, this marks the end of this random episode.
I hope you all like it.
See you soon!